README.md, before:

== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Dependencies:

* gem 'rails', '4.2.0'

* Configuration

* Database: Postgresql


### Specs

Basic CRUD with puppies

You are going to be building an application for the local SF puppy rescue.  They need your help to keep track of all of their puppies!  Keeping track of puppies involves being able to add puppies to the database, update their information, view each puppies' profile page, and remove puppies (you know, when someone adopts them)

* Puppies have names, age, breed, bio and an image url
* An about and contact page
* An puppies page that shows all of the puppies
* The index page takes you to an add puppy page (CREATE)
* Each puppy has a profile page (show page) (READ)
* A puppy's information can be edited on their profile page (UPDATE)
* A puppy can be removed on the show page (DESTROY)
* We want these puppies to be adopted so don't scare away users (like I once did) with an app that is not styled.  The rescue wants you to use Bootstrap.

Commit message:

updated README with sample images

README.md, after:

#SF Puppy Resue - Basic CRUD with Puppies

You are going to be building an application for the local SF puppy rescue.  They need your help to keep track of all of their puppies!  Keeping track of puppies involves being able to add puppies to the database, update their information, view each puppies' profile page, and remove puppies (you know, when someone adopts them)

Dependencies:

* gem 'rails', '4.2.0'

* Configuration

* Database: Postgresql

### Specs

* Puppies have names, age, breed, bio and an image url
* An about and contact page
* An puppies page that shows all of the puppies
* The index page takes you to an add puppy page (CREATE)
* Each puppy has a profile page (show page) (READ)
* A puppy's information can be edited on their profile page (UPDATE)
* A puppy can be removed on the show page (DESTROY)
* We want these puppies to be adopted so don't scare away users (like I once did) with an app that is not styled.  The rescue wants you to use Bootstrap.

##### Sample Screenshots:

![Main Landing Page](http://i.imgur.com/HPckOGe.png)
![Puppies/Index Page](http://i.imgur.com/vtWAlDu.png)
![Add An Puppy/New Page](http://i.imgur.com/peyQvt7.png)
![Add An Puppy/New Page with Validations](http://i.imgur.com/E6bdgAc.png)
![Profile/Show Page](http://i.imgur.com/kRPc5ab.png)
